hello my dear friends you know when I go
the ninth floor here we go I'm begging
of the new MacBook Pro for my
subscribers it might seem like you've
already seen that video but no this is
not in her boot I'm making another one
because I've just exchanged my silver
MacBook Pro and I got the Space Gray
MacBook Pros so let's see what's inside
I will also be sharing my first
impressions about this laptop because
I've been using my silver one for about
a week and this is my first laptop after
windows and this is all um for my
company it's a lingua trip because we
have just signed up for a business
account in Apple and the amazing things
that are doing right now they gave us 10
well 6 percent discount on this laptop
and the next one is going to be 10%
because we are a vc-backed business so
guys if you're running a start-up in the
Silicon Valley you definitely need to
take the advantage of that ok so here we
go did it edit it up oh my god magic
moment and I'm taking it out of the box
and you see the space great and you know
why I've chosen space great because you
can instantly see that this is the new
MacBook Pro because of the other with
the scylla one everybody was like oh you
got in you my book oh it's in you love a
pro they only notice it when they saw
the dash bar but with this on you
another straight away so this is a new
one huh that's why I'm exchanges vanity
Oh guys I wish you were here and turn
the smell of a new Apple
okay
are we gonna just love this color come
on so I'm gonna do a quick setup where I
choose the language and choose
everything and oh my god I just love it
it looks so cool so I will go through
the initial setup glitch in the United
States what should I do okay I'll take a
rose this is a very important step this
is a touch ID feature so you can login
just by putting your finger on a special
touch ID and I really like it because
then you don't have to enter your
password every time okay it's setting up
okay it's all done so it's set up it's
my new Mac the first thing that I wanted
to show you is how cool it is that it
has a touch bar I can adjust brightness
just like that you see it just goes back
and forth easily let me show you what's
the difference what I feel is different
and what I really like okay the keyboard
is really nice it's really thin and when
you press it it is really responsive and
I really like the touch pad because
again it's really responsive and I don't
have to use a mouse and oh by the way
but under the previous videos I had so
many comments like Oh marina go back to
Windows this is a very bad Mac go for
iMac 2013 I just like to be updated and
when I'm getting the new MacBook I want
to make sure I'm getting the latest
because this is going to be this machine
is going to be with me for like three
years and I don't want to settle for the
model 2013 so I want to be kind of up to
date and I'm going to show you how
Safari works for example I don't really
like Safari because it's so buggy so
guys if you're using Safari
I try a Google Chrome it will be so much
better and then okay of course I'm going
to go to linguae trip again and yeah the
screen is amazing so if you look really
really closely you wouldn't still see
the pixels because it's spreading uh
basically one of the best and also you
can search for website right here it's
going to show you all of the different
options that you have but then you can
customize them you can put in anything
you want and everything is just in a
touch of a screen can you say so no
everything is pretty close you know what
I like about it the most it gives you
this luxurious feeling that you've got
the best MacBook there's ever been on
the market and when you touch it you
feel the luxury as if it was like I
don't know Lou Vuitton bag or whatever
whatever is larger for you guys so
you're driving Mercedes it's just this
feeling of the best laptop ever oh
thunderbolts okay I've already got the
the adapter and it doesn't bother me so
I have an adapter for my hard drive and
I have an adapter for my SD card so it's
fine and Wi-Fi is pretty fast
I've got the 15 inch because um I need
to edit videos and I want to have like
the whole experience on the big screen
but you can also go get a 13 inch and
yeah pretty much the same and this is
faster than the 13 inch
another important thing battery life
this battery lasts forever I would say 6
hours of 7 hours working on internet and
you know emailing perfect it will last
you for seven hours it's a little heavy
so like if you carry it somewhere
everyday that might be a little too
heavy but because you don't have to
carry the charger with you for example
if you're going somewhere for like three
hours that would totally be ok
but yes I would say I wouldn't put it in
a lady's bag I would take a rucksack
with me but I'm ok with
and I would normally work from home or
from my office so I don't really mind
another thing sound when I was watching
my first youtube video on this Mac and I
was watching one of the bloggers i watch
every day I thought he changed the
microphone because the sound was so
clear and so loud because before that on
my previous Windows laptop and on the
Mac area that my partner had we couldn't
really watch youtube videos and cook for
example because we wouldn't hear the
sound when this one you can use it like
a TV because it's so loud and so clear
and again I thought my favorite youtuber
actually changed his microphone because
I was surprised with the quality of
sound but it was all Mac and um yes so
skyping uh you know emailing everything
is perfect the only thing is
transferring your data from the previous
windows because my hard drive I'll show
you this thing it doesn't work you have
to kind of transform it into Mac so it
will delete all the data I can do it
right now so I will need to come up with
some backup plan and yes I had to buy
all of the adapters to transfer my data
I just found a bug guys a bike on a mug
book for like ten minutes how I offenses
look at that press ctrl + f7 change the
setting I'm not a computer person but I
don't see an f7 button here
no f7 this is not really user friendly
I know maybe there is like a shortcut
way you can go and find this f7 but I
don't see f7 straight away okay guys uh
I think that was it this is my new
laptop I'm going to sound like nine
hours per day with it I hope you enjoyed
this video a please comment please like
please subscribe to my channel and let
me know what you think uh do you think
spice Gray's better than silver I think
yes if you
think so write down comments below and
thank you again for watching this up to
the very end don't forget to subscribe
[Music]
you